modify distributed transaction and ttl.md (#257)
tikv/website: content/docs/5.1/concepts/explore-tikv-features/distributed-transaction.md

## Prerequisites

> Before you start, ensure that you set up a TiKV Cluster and install tikv-client python package according to [TiKV in 5 Minutes](../../tikv-in-5-minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start, ensure that you have set up a TiKV cluster and install the `tikv-client` Python package according to [TiKV in 5 Minutes](../../tikv-in-5-minutes).
```

> Before you start, ensure that you have set up a TiKV cluster and install the `tikv-client` Python package according to [TiKV in 5 Minutes](../../tikv-in-5-minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start, ensure that you have set up a TiKV cluster and installed the `tikv-client` Python package according to [TiKV in 5 Minutes](../../tikv-in-5-minutes).
```

{{< warning >}}

> TiKV Java Client's Transaction API has not been released yet, so Python Client example is used here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV Java client's Transaction API has not been released yet, so the Python client is used in this example.
```

{{< /warning >}}

## Test snapshot isolation

Transaction isolation is one of the foundations of database transaction processing. Isolation is one of the four key properties of a transaction (commonly referred as ACID).

> TiKV implements [Snapshot Isolation (SI)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snapshot_isolation) consistency, which means:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV implements [Snapshot Isolation (SI)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snapshot_isolation) consistency, which means that:
```

> - all reads made in a transaction will see a consistent snapshot of the database (in practice it reads the last committed values that existed at the time it started);

Reviewer: @marsishandsome @Liuxiaozhen12 What does the "it" mean? Could you help make it clearer?

Author: I think it's TiKV but I'm not sure. @marsishandsome PTAL, thanks!

> - all reads made in a transaction will see a consistent snapshot of the database (in practice it reads the last committed values that existed at the time it started);

Author: ```suggestion
- all reads made in a transaction will see a consistent snapshot of the database (in practice TiKV Client reads the last committed values that exist when TiKV Client starts);
```

> - the transaction itself will successfully commit only if no updates it has made conflict with any concurrent updates made since that snapshot.

Reviewer: @marsishandsome "no updates it has made conflict with any concurrent updates made since that snapshot" looks confusing. Could you try to describe it in Chinese?

> - the transaction itself will successfully commit only if no updates it has made conflict with any concurrent updates made since that snapshot.

Author: ```suggestion
- only if the updates that a transaction has made do not conflict with the concurrent updates made by other transactions since that snapshot, the transaction will successfully commit.
```

> - only if the updates that a transaction has made do not conflict with the concurrent updates made by other transactions since that snapshot, the transaction will successfully commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the transaction will successfully commit only if the updates that a transaction has made do not conflict with the concurrent updates made by other transactions since that snapshot.
```

Exception: KeyError WriteConflict
```

From the above example, you can find that with optimistic transactions, conflicting changes are detected when the transaction commits.

## Try pessimistic transaction model

> In the optimistic transaction model, transactions might fail to be committed because of write–write conflict in heavy contention scenarios. In the case that concurrent transactions frequently modify the same rows (a conflict), pessimistic transactions may perform better than optimistic transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the optimistic transaction model, transactions might fail to be committed because of write–write conflict in heavy contention scenarios. In the case that concurrent transactions frequently modify the same rows (a conflict), pessimistic transactions might perform better than optimistic transactions.
```
